ref/move_term_flow_functions_to_applovinmax_from_privacy (#300)
AppLovin/AppLovin-MAX-React-Native: CHANGELOG.md

## Versions

## x.x.x

> * Move the Term Flow functions to `AppLovinMAX` from `Privacy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Move Term Flow APIs from `Privacy` type to `AppLovinMAX`.
```
